Princess treatment is the actual bare
minimum and entry ticket to your life,
not a reward. Flowers, gifts, dates,
attention, respect, paying your bills,
taking care of your needs, that's not
spoiling. That's standard. If a man is
asking you to earn the standard, he's
actually asking you to step up as the
man and lead the relationship. He wants
you to stretch forward your softness so
he can step up as a man. A real man
doesn't make you earn your own softness.
He provides because he understands with
his provision. He's creating safety for
your softness to flourish. And if you're
feeling guilty for being treated well,
if you're feeling like you were asking
for too much, then you simply have
accepted for way too long less than the
bare minimum. You have to stop clapping
for fish that can swim. Appreciation is
fine, but do not glorify basics. You
have set the bar so low that you keep
tripping over it. So set your bar
higher. And keep in mind that princess
treatment is not just some peak you need
to reach. It's the starting line.